    1. 15 Aug 2024 
***** (5 star rating)
       Left by Jake 
My first workaway on the site, I came for a month and stayed more than two with this amazing community.

Salt Spring is a beautiful island covered in trails and lakes. Ecstatic dance and farmers markets are weekly across the island and folk on the land are regulars and usually happy to share a car seat.

If it's doable, bring a couple of meals worth of food even just a few ramen with you when you arrive as the two supermarkets on the island are a drive away and it may be a day or two before you get around to doing a shop💚


    2. 6 Nov 2024
***** (5 star rating)
Left by (Anastasia ) 
My first workaway experience in Telechy was very special, and I have a lot of warm memories of this amazing place full of creative and kind people. I truly felt welcome there and made beautiful friendships during my stay with the people around me, we even went exploring for 4 days with other workawayers on the weekend and it was so much fun! Tasks at Telechy varied every day, so we had plenty of options. Some activities were physically demanding, but I really loved them because we would just put on some music and get things done in a funky atmosphere that you don't notice as time passes by. The work schedule was just perfect cause we had plenty of time to explore the island or to go hiking to Vancouver Island, which is easy to reach with the shuttle boat. The environment of the island is just magical, and Salt Spring has lots of different interesting places to visit (multiple hike routes, yoga centers, a bunch of cacao ceremonies and dance parties, as well as some peaceful beaches and little cafes in the city). People in the community are just so warm and welcoming, I deeply appreciated their openness and willingness to share their beautiful space and personal stories. My time in the community was not just about working but full of meaningful insights, a great opportunity to learn something new, peaceful moments, fun evenings, and real human connections. Thank you so much for this beautiful time, Brandon, Ross, Leo, Sofia, Tina, Raven, Lucia (the cutest baby) and many many others <3 I will come back one day for sure!

    3. 4 Jan 2025
***** (5 star rating)
Left by (Mattia)
My experience on the island has been incredible. If you're looking for the perfect place to enjoy a Canadian summer, Salt Spring Island is where you want to be!

The people are kind and welcoming – they’re always open to connecting and making you feel at home.
I absolutely loved the sense of community. I initially planned to stay for just three weeks, but I ended up staying for a month and a half!

The work can be quite physical and varied, which I really enjoyed. Being outdoors, working with the earth – digging, chipping wood, moving materials, building trails – was incredibly fulfilling. The people who manage the workload are understanding and always open to accommodating your needs.

The location is stunning. Camping in the middle of the forest, surrounded by deer, cats, and wild birds every day, is truly healing for the soul.

Pro tip: I recommend bringing some food for the first few days – the area is a bit remote, and while you’re settling in, getting to the city for groceries can be a bit tricky.
On workdays, food is always plentiful and both vegan- and vegetarian-friendly.

Overall, it’s an experience I highly recommend!

    4. 12 Nov 2024
***** (5 star rating)
Left by (Maëlle) 
With my friend Manon, we stayed here for 3 weeks. Salt Spring and its people are a wonderful discovery. The community is so alive, it's everything you could hope for. We had karaoke, a movie night, deep conversations, a women's circle, fire and laughter, hot chocolate because it was starting to get cold.
I loved meeting the people who live here. The work required is not too physical, and we have 4 days to then explore the island. What is absolutely incredible, I had time to hike, visit the surrounding towns and really enjoy my time here.

What I appreciated here is that despite the effervescence of the community, we also have the space to be quiet if we want, do yoga in the forest or read a book on the comfortable sofas in the common area.

It is a place that I keep in my heart, and that I would recommend so much.

    5. 21 Jul 2024
***** (5 star rating)
Left by (Amelia)
This was such a special workaway. The community were so kind and welcoming. It’s a fun place, I can recommend it to anyone who likes dance parties, but it would also be suited to introverts as you can socialise as much or as little as you want. We also had chilled evenings, watching films or chatting around a fire.

The forest is a beautiful spot to camp. There are deer roaming around, hummingbirds, woodpeckers and birds of prey. And some friendly cats who will sleep in your tent if invited. There is a hiking trail from the land to the top of Mount Maxwell.

The work was varied - wood chipping, stacking firewood, painting a new building, painting signs, levelling paths, and other odd jobs that arose.

Workaways take it in turns to cook and we always ate delicious meals. Basic ingredients are supplied, lots of fruit, veg, beans, grains etc. It’s a 3 day work week and on the non-working days, food isn’t supplied, but you can still store your own food in the community kitchen and often workaways choose to cook together on days off, so you can still cook communally. The benefit of a 3-day working week is plenty of time to explore the island! I was only on Salt Spring for a short time but there’s a lot going on in the wider community including dancing, climbing and crafts - I would’ve loved to have stayed longer!

Amelia x

    6. 10 May 2024
***** (5 star rating)
Left by (Emma) 
Wow, where to start! I absolutely adored my short time spent here and cannot believe how quickly this space became my home. This land (and the people who live here) are simply magic. This has honestly been one of my favourite workaways so far, where I’ve truly felt so connected to the other workawayers and people living here - we had fires and communal meals, movie nights and went dancing, it was everything I dream of! Also the outdoor kitchen and house are so SO beautiful!

My main tasks during my two week stay included deep cleaning the outdoor kitchen and staining wood in a newly built bedroom. I really enjoyed working with others on the tasks. The location is out of town but has spectacular hiking trails within walking distance, up mount Maxwell (an absolute must!)

If community is what you’re looking for, then this is for you! I cannot wait to return later this summer!

Love and light always,
Emma

    7. 12 Dec 2023
***** (5 star rating)
Left by (Michael) 
Thanks to Brandon, I was able to stay a shorter term than what is normally accepted because I had to come back to help at another place in Vancouver.

The site is on a hill in a forested area, right next to Mount Maxwell Provincial Park. Amazing cypress and Douglas fir trees! It seems remote but you can easily get there from Vancouver in a few hours.

At the time a major project at the cooperative was helping out with the infrastructure installation for the new and existing residential sites. The work was mostly covering and digging up trenches for the pipework. Besides that, we assisted the log miller, chopped wood and did some logistics tasks. There has been a very reasonable work/free time balance. We were not rushed, but at the same, the routine was very well established and in the afternoon we had plenty of personal free time.

Often there were activities on the island, e.g. dance sessions, and most of the time those of us who didn't have a motor vehicle could get a ride with someone else going to a particular event. During my time there, there was a party onsite with some of the local DJs, which was awesome! We also could participate in some other cool local events.

    8. 3 Oct 2023
**** (4 star rating)
Left by (Tina & Nils) 
This Entalachy-Land is surrounded by lovely nature. You can easily hike through the mountains around the area to the sea. I spent my nights in my own tent next to the outdoor kitchen. You do not only Live with the community on the land you also share the place with social deers.
On the island are lots of beautiful lakes and i did love the dance temple nights!
theres always enough to eat on workdays. Rice-Lovers can get very happy. You can have some hard working days on the land, so I want to support you to bring your friends to share the heavyweight .

    9. 2 Aug 2023
***** (5 star rating)
Left by (George) 
This was my first stop in British Columbia and it did not disappoint. Brandon and the fellow residents on the land were all very warm and welcoming and I felt very at home in no time. Everyone is very friendly, the work at the time was challenging but rewarding with lots of delicious food. Saltspring island itself is a stunning place with beautiful nature/hikes and the workaway is located in the best place for it on Mt Maxwell. I would thoroughly recommend this workaway and hope to return to see everyone again soon.

    10. 6 Oct 2020
***** (5 star rating)
Left by (Hannah) 
Dear Brandon, Jessie, Lisa, Ross, Mala and all the other members of the team,
thank you for this wonderful experience! I spent one month living and working with this beautiful small community and I left them, feeling a lot more healthy, happy and incredibly inspired! The community is very young and the main project was to finish the house. I got to help with several small building projects which I enjoyed very much. The team works very productively but in a relaxed and fun way! Lunch and dinner we enjoyed together (on work days). I miss your delicious food so much Mala! You are and incredible cook. All the veggies/fruits come from the surrounding organic farms and are used for freshly cooked vegan meals.
What I miss the most is waking up surrounded by nature every morning, with birds singing and sun shining through the trees. The community is located on mount Maxwell and I went up the Mountain almost every day, since the trails start right next door. So grateful for the forest! And on the rainy days we had a projector set up in the unfinished living room for movie nights, wich was really cozy. And soon the house will be done, then it is even more cozy! Oh...and a highlight was the dance temple, which I can defenitely recommend to everyone! Once a week many Salt spring island people meet up at a big hall in town and let out all their energy in ecstatic dance. So much fun! We also had a little party on the community property to celebrate the equinox. All in all I couldn't have found a better place to spend my last month in Canada. Everyone I got to know was open minded, loving and welcoming, with a deep connection to nature, lots of knowledge and trying the best to live a sustainable, healthy life. I learned so much from you and feel inspired for how I want to live my own life. Thank you so much and I'll see you in the future!
Much love, Hannah
